- [Cassandra] A great
disaster cometh.
Do not approach it for it
is the embodiment of ruin.
Do not touch it for it
is the oracle of death.
A mother's lament shall
invoke calamity
as the newborn's wails of
despair resound.
The fairy who is sworn
to be an usher of doom
shall drag the surging white
flames into severe plight.
Take heed, it is a
banquet of tragedy.
(Cassandra gasps)
- What was that?
What did I just see?
What was that?
A premonition?
- Hurry, Cassandra,
you gotta get up.
- What, what's the
matter, Daphne?
- This is urgent.
An adventurer was
murdered outside town.
- What?
Someone was murdered.
(Opening Song)
(gentle music)
- Out of the way.
Move.
They really did a number on him.
I just talked to Jean
the other day.
And look at that, this
had to be murder.
Monsters don't leave
wounds like this.
- You know, I actually saw
someone wrapped
in a cloak fleeing the scene.
- Yeah, they were headed
for the lower floors.
- Like I said, the
Gale Wind did it.
Trust me, I know what
that elf looks like.
I remember her from
the Astrea Familia.
She's the one who did it.
She killed Jean.
- Did you say Gale Wind,
the former adventurer?
- Yes, it would seem
that's the case.
- Very well, how should
we go about this?
- Oh, come on. You already
know what we have to do, Bors.
We gotta make her pay.
- Oh yeah.
- We hunt down the
Gale Wind and kill her.
We cannot let her get away
with butchering one of our own.
- Just hold your horses.
I've never seen the
Gale Wind up close
and I don't wanna mess
with a level four.
You see, I kind of have
this little thing
about staying alive.
- The Gale Wind already
has a pretty big bounty
on her head, right?
- Yeah, I think it was
around 80 million valis.
- Everyone gather,
we'll hunt the perp ourselves.
We'll avenge our dead comrade.
We must form an execution squad.
(crowd cheers)
- It's so obvious they're
more interested in the money.
- It's a town full of
adventurers after all.
- Doesn't matter if
she's strong,
altogether we outnumber her.
- Yeah, that's the spirit.
- Please just wait a minute.
- Huh?
- We can't be certain
the Gale Wind is guilty.
Be thoughtful about this.
- [Bors] So what are you
trying to say, rabbit's foot?
Did you see something?
- No, I, that's not what I mean.
- Oh, I see how it is.
Are you calling me a
liar, little bunny rabbit?
- Wait, what?
No, I didn't say that.
But are you sure you
saw the Gale Wind?
- I'm beyond positive
it was her.
You keep fighting me on this
and I promise you
you'll regret it.
- Look calm down, okay?
Now just hear me out.
Everyone remembers
the Black Goliath attack.
We were all there.
- Obviously, I helped
fight the damn thing off.
So what of it, huh?
- While the Gale Wind was-
- That'll be quite enough.
- Miss Aisha.
- Good grief.
You sound like a bunch
of children.
You morons won't find
anything like this.
- Oh, okay.
Now, let's get a head count.
Which of you bums wants
to get in on the hunt?
(crowd cheers)
- They really need to know that
Ryu was a big part
of that battle.
It should be enough to
get them to reconsider.
- Oh, don't be an idiot, Bell.
All that will do is
end up making you
look like an accomplice.
- But even so.
- Lady Aisha has a point.
Let's discuss this somewhere
else for now.
- That dream I had earlier,
is it somehow related
to the murder?
- So that elf murdered somebody?
- Based on my personal
experience with Lady Ryu,
I'm finding this rather
difficult to believe.
- I understand,
but we heard stories
of what happened after
her familia was killed.
She apparently went
around murdering
the people responsible for it.
Ultimately it got her
blacklisted, remember.
- Ouka.
- Don't get the wrong idea.
I'm also holding out hope
that this is all just
some kind of misunderstanding.
- The circumstantial
evidence gathered does point
to the Gale Wind.
However, there are a few
things that I noticed.
Daphne and I we took some
time to examine the body.
- Okay, wait a sec.
You two did what now?
- I really didn't wanna
get near it, to be honest.
The victim has numerous cuts
around his arms and legs.
In my opinion, it's very likely
they're from the Gale Wind.
- She made sure he
couldn't run away.
The tendons were severed
in just the right places.
Must have been
interrogating him.
- Yeah, it's his fatal
wounds that I found strange.
They were inconsistent
with all of the others.
Stabbing him that many times
was definitely overkill.
Somebody else may have done it
and they could be
setting her up.
What's that look, Cassandra?
- Huh?
Oh, nothing.
You just sound like a detective.
It's pretty cool.
- Just shut up.
- To be blunt, I'm honestly
convinced that Turk guy
is lying about what he saw.
Back when we all fought
against the Black Goliath,
Ryu really stood out
on the battlefield.
If he's genuinely familiar
with what she looks like,
it doesn't make sense. He
wouldn't have noticed her then.
- That's a good point.
It seems fishy.
- He was obviously trying
to stir everyone up
into a frenzy.
The guy came off as a
bit aggressive to me.
- But more than anything,
I refuse to believe Ryu
would do something so awful.
That being said, it's possible
that she's been dragged
into something and if
that's really the case,
I want to save her,
which is why I-
- I have a proposal.
What do you guys say
if we all agree
to join the hunt for her?
- Huh?
- But, but why would we?
- Listen, if our goal is to
prove that Lady Ryu is innocent
then we need to keep
this in mind.
We have to get in touch
with her, don't we?
Especially before the
others find her.
- So let me guess then.
We intentionally agree
to hunt her down
but pull a fast one by
reaching her first.
- Yep.
What do you think?
Sound good?
- I think we should do it.
I'm in.
- I shall come along too.
- Seems like a big pain in
the neck, but I guess I'm in.
- Yes, same here.
- So we're all in agreement.
Let's start getting ready then.
- Oh, I've got a really
bad feeling about how
this is going to play out.
- Thank you everyone.
Let's get out
there and find Ryu.
- [Group] Let's go.
(gentle music)
- Ryu, I guess you're
not coming back.
You were once obsessed
with those evildoers
but I thought it had
subsided at this point.
Ryu!
Your past, your connection
to the Astrea Familia
shall burn in the
flames of vengeance.
Please don't go down
that path again.
Please.
(Cassandra sobs)
- I can't get that
dream out of my head.
Unless something changes,
I'm terrified
that it's going to
become reality.
No, I need to calm down
and think rationally.
Breathe, Cassandra.
Okay, so the fairy who is
sworn to be an usher of doom?
Is it the Gale Wind?
Because if so...
- Master Welf, how is
everyone's equipment?
Are we all good to go?
- Yeah.
Got some magic swords too.
Everything okay on your end?
- I'm ready as well
and lucky for us,
I was able to leave that
letter with some adventurers.
They're about to head
to the surface.
- Excuse me.
- Huh?
- Hey, Cassandra,
where's your stuff?
- Pardon?
Could you call this thing off?
- [Group] Huh?
- What?
- Something awful's
going to happen if we go
so we should withdraw from the
hunt and stay here instead.
- Okay, but why exactly?
- Don't tell me this is
because of that dream nonsense
you're always going on about?
- Well, actually that's exactly
my reason, but this time I-
- How many times do I have
to tell you to cut it out?
It's getting really old.
- I knew they wouldn't
believe me.
Nobody's ever believed
me, but maybe he will.
Please, Bell, listen.
Will you call it off?
- Huh?
I really am sorry, Cassandra
but I must try to save Ryu.
- No, he won't do it either.
I can't stop it.
- Do you need help?
- Are you feeling okay?
- Sorry guys, I think it
might be best if she didn't go
and I hate to do this but I
probably should stay behind
with her, okay?
- No.
- Huh?
- Absolutely not.
That's unacceptable.
I can't.
Doing that would mean
abandoning these people
to their fate and
I won't do that.
Sorry for trying to
change your minds.
Everything's fine.
I'll go as well.
If I can change how
things were in my dream,
we may be able to avoid
the worst outcome.
I have to
find a way to save everyone.
- [Hestia] Man, this sucks.
I finally get a dang
day off from work
but Bell's not even here
to hang with me.
- The loneliness must
be getting to you.
- Totally.
What about your children, Miach?
It was Daphne and
Cassandra, right?
I'm sure they're on your mind.
- Of course, I'm always
concerned for them
but I must admit I enjoy
my time alone with Naza.
We've known each other
for a long time,
so I feel most
comfortable with her.
Hmm.
- I prepared some tea for you.
- Great, thank you, Naza.
- Look at you two, getting
all lovey dovey over there.
Oh Bell, I hope you and the
gang are doing all right.
- Keep your eyes open.
Don't overlook anything or
anybody who seems suspicious.
It's the animal's time to shine.
Put those sensitive
noses of yours to work.
- [Group] Yes, sir.
- Rumor is the Gale Wind's
first class,
even among level fours.
Hear that rabbit's foot,
that means your our ace
in the hole.
- Sure.
- He's dumping the work
on other people.
- No kidding.
- Actually works in our
favor, you know.
Bell will be right in
the center of the hunt.
He'll get intel easier.
- I have to figure it out soon.
There must be a way to keep
everyone out of harm's way.
- Hey, while we're on
the topic of Cassandra,
I noticed something
pretty special about her
even when she was in the
Apollon Familia.
- Indeed, she has foresight.
The ability to see something
that even we God's cannot.
Means she'll be burdened with
the great unknowns
of the lower world.
- That's probably pretty
rough on her, isn't it?
I guess that sort
of explains why she's
a little gloomy all the time?
- Well, it is true that
Cassandra always seems
to be troubled by something.
However, there are
times I've seen her
with a glowing smile like
whenever she's around Bell.
- Are you serious? Don't
you dare tell me
she's another one
of those bimbo's
trying to lay claim to my Bell.
- I'm fairly certain
that's not the case here.
(doorbell rings)
- Hmm.
- Who's here?
- An adventurer was
asked to deliver this
up from the 18th floor.
- It's a letter from
little Miss Supporter,
but that's weird.
I know it takes a hefty
sum to deliver stuff
like this from the dungeon.
I can't imagine she'd
be willing to cough up
the money for it.
That elf from the tavern
was accused of murder.
Whoa and they've formed
an execution squad.
- What does this mean exactly?
- I'm just as clueless
as you are.
But apparently Bell and his
party have joined the hunt
for her to try and
do something about it.
And they sent this letter
to ask me for a favor.
What could possibly be going
on in the dungeon right now?
- All the way down to the
21st floor and no sign of her.
- Lets all agree to never
take on quests to find people
in the dungeon ever again.
Because it's definitely
a waste of resources.
- A mother's lament shall
invoke calamity.
I'm sure that mother must
be referring to the dungeon
but what's the calamity?
Wait, could it be...
Pardon me, Lili, do you
know when the floor boss
is due to spawn?
- Are you talking about
Amphisbaena?
Who do you think I am, huh?
I've already double checked
when it's due to appear.
The last time it was defeated
was exactly half a month ago.
We've got two weeks before
the spawning interval is over.
Who's your strategist?
- Oh, that, that's great.
- So Amphisbaena, huh?
As in the Rex of the
lower floors
shows up on the 27th
as I recall.
- Lady Aisha, have
you ever fought it
during your time in
the Ishtar Familia?
- Naturally, after taking its
aquatic nature and the terrain
into account, the guild
set it at level six.
But based on its strength,
it's only level five.
- Considering the number
of high ranking adventurers
we have, it shouldn't
be a cause for concern,
even if it does show up.
- Like I said-
- If it's not the floor boss,
then what could it be?
Mr. Bell?
- Hey, feel free to let me
know if there's anything
on your mind, okay?
Now, we may come from
different familias
but we're on the same team,
so I just want you to know
that I'm here to help.
Now have a drink.
I just fetched some water.
It should be nice and
refreshing.
- I really appreciate that.
So about-
- Bors, there's a herd of
mammoths.
They're right behind me.
- A whole herd of
those hairy bastards?
Prepare for battle, everyone.
It's go time, kid.
- Right.
- Surging white flames, that
part probably refers to Bell.
He'll eventually meet
with the Gale Wind
and then get dragged into
whatever she's involved in.
Unlike the others, my dream
didn't indicate that he died
but what about
the severe plight?
Pardon me, Mr. Crozzo.
- It's just Welf.
- Mr. Welf, excuse me.
I have a favor to ask.
(mammoth roars)
(Aisha shouts)
(Bors groans)
- And you want me to
be the one to do it?
- Is that a problem?
- It can be done, but
it wouldn't sit right
with me, honestly.
I only wanna equip him
with my handy work.
It's a personal rule.
- [Cassandra] I know you might
find this hard to believe
but I have heightened senses.
I can tell that Bell
will soon find himself
in great danger because
he always goes overboard
for the sake of other people.
It's just in his nature.
Understand, I want to
avoid that fate.
- All right, I'll do it.
- You will, really?
- Yeah, I've been
through this before
but I'm done weighing my pride
against a friend's wellbeing
and like you said, Bell
is likely to go overboard.
I agree with you on that.
I mean, he's done it
plenty of times before.
That's the kind of
guy my partner is.
- Lil Bit, get my
tools out for me.
I'm gonna finish this
up before they take out
all the monsters.
(Bell shouts)
- It's almost been a
whole day at this point.
Our pace seems to be a
little slow to catch up.
- Maybe so but the 24th
floor is just up ahead.
If Lady Ryu is somewhere in
this colossal tree labyrinth,
we should find some
trace of her soon.
- No, the Gale Wind
isn't up here.
Assuming my dream is right, the
tragedy will befall us at...
(group gasps)
- What's happening?
The ground is shaking.
- The hell?
What's going on?
- It came from below.
- Bors, you know
it's gotta be her.
(water rushes)
- It's coming from
the 27th floor.
All right, we're splitting up
the party and heading down.
Anybody staying behind, keep
watch over the passageway.
- [Group] Yeah.
- My dream took place
on the 27th floor
at the base of the Great Falls.
I cannot let them go down there.
- Time to get serious.
We need to find Lady Ryu
before anyone else can.
- Right, we gotta be fast.
We all agree to join the
party heading down to the 27.
- Pardon me, is there really
a need for us to tag along?
- Huh?
- Well, if there are
too many people in the party
it would be hard to get
through the narrow tunnels
and stuff.
Oh no, this totally
isn't gonna work.
- I agree with
Cassandra on this.
We just don't have enough
experience
with these lower floors.
It'll be hard enough
to simply keep up.
- I understand what
you're saying.
The party that's
going down will need
to be moving pretty fast.
We should probably split up.
Okay, it should be Master Bell
and Lady Aisha who go down
to the 27th floor.
Everyone else will...
- Just a second.
I think Miss Aisha should
stay with everyone else.
- Care to explain.
- Well, it's, hmm.
It's for Haruhime's sake.
Remember, the other day I
was the one who carried her
all the way back to
the 18th floor
and that was a real
struggle for me.
She's heavy.
So just in case something
happens again,
I think it would be better
to have Miss Aisha around
because Haruhime's
so hard to carry.
Please forgive me, Haruhime.
- Ah well I mean, she has
filled out a lot
since we were in the Far East.
In a good way, of course.
- He's not wrong.
- Can we stop now?
- Sounds to me that
you need to put
on some muscle then, girl.
I'm not always gonna
be able to look
after her even if I stay.
- Oh, okay.
- Miss Aisha, I think
she has a good point.
Can you please stay
here on the 25th floor?
- It does make sense.
All right, I get where
you guys are coming from.
However, when you eventually
run into that elf,
I have my doubts you'll be
able to handle her on your own.
- I am putting my faith in Ryu.
- Right, it's your funeral.
(Cassandra sighs)
- Here Bell, I've got
something for you.
- Mm, what's this?
- I cut off part a Lil
Bit's robe to make it.
It's a Goliath scarf.
- Thanks, Welf,
but are you sure
I can have this?
- Well, the truth is, I wish
you only used armor I've made
but Cassandra practically
begged me.
- Thanks, Cassandra.
Really appreciate it.
- Yeah, sure.
Mr. Bell might
actually believe me
if I tell him about my dream.
But even if that were the case,
I'm sure it wouldn't stop him.
Mr. Bell, please come
back in one piece.
Once everyone gets back
to the surface,
I'd love to talk to you
about all sorts of things.
- Anybody going down
to the 27th floor?
Get over here now.
(crowd shouts)
- All right, best of luck.
(Ending Song)
- [Daphne] Next time, Mirabilis.